I work this blaze near Montana and the
blink of an obvious fire everywhere and
then charging out of these flames comes
this bear on fire was most beautiful and
terrible thing I've ever seen
you guys have some slots available you
lost
that one slide open you know what we're
training forward hotshots get to engage
the fire directly the SEAL Teams
fixifying funders if you give me a
chance alone let me down sooner or later
the fire is gonna come knocking in our
hometown been training for over four
years got all our hours all our
qualifications but until we're certified
hotshots my crew won't even be able to
set foot on the line
I told it wouldn't be easy
anyone do you John or anything
it's not easy sharing email
[Music]
what y'all to breathe in this beautiful
Vista because you're never gonna be able
to look out into the wild see that pure
beauty
fires threatening homes
Granite Mountain
hotshot
just had a daughter and I just really
want to get her
the fire gets past our line it goes to
our town burn over seconds away
you can breathe survive
she's barely seen you for the past few
months
no one could be prouder of his boys than
I am of you guys don't piece of me
coming at it
you